really good matchup here Maria Sharapova
against Li Na those Russians game
alarming in the very first game that
they play sloppy with a serve and when
the rallies did get started
she really was all over the place got
broken as well Lee on the other hand
efficient between half as many unforced
errors is the second seed in the opening
set with 14 winners to the Russians 10
she'd break sharp over three times on a
way to taking the first set 6-2 the
Russian looked to be on the road to
recovery when she reached break point in
the second game of the second set a
sixth seeded opponent had other ideas
though pulling out another big shot with
her back against the wall it comes Game
five of the second stanza confirmed
Lee's dominance from 40 15 down she
recovered to grab the first break of the
set and from there on no looking back
Sharapova couldn't get a single break in
the match and was still hitting nearly
double the number of unforced errors the
last one thankful to crush the outs
two-sixty maybe not before the match I
was a little bit nervous so Carlos tell
me okay just just to enjoy the match
Amina you only have the for time for all
of the year you've you can't come to
Sammy's so that's nothing worry about it
you just believe yourself and try to
cool down as manner you have win them
point on this point don't show the
ponies just keep going so you know this
is a I think he's a either point for me
I can't tell in the court the other city
final states of 19 year-old Sloane
Stephens nickname for herself when she
beat Serena Williams but she came
crashing back down to us after losing
the first set to number one seed
Victoria Azarenka six games to one
it wasn't until she was five three down
in the second set that the American we
found her game at the same time as a
right there hit the wall she failed to
convert six match points before Stevens
got the break but as soon as that
happened as a rake a cold for a little
time now the pressure of the moment had
affected her breathing the 23 year old
was off the court for seven minutes and
Stephens momentum seemed to drain away
she was quickly broken back and Azarenka
wrapped up the match to book her praise
in the second straight Australian open
fire